We all wish to be like Guru Rinpoche. That's our wish for all. Thank you.
Guru Rinpoche, would you tell us a little bit about what happened when Guru Rinpoche appeared
for the first time in our world? When he was born, when he appeared, would you teach about
Padma Samye Ling? In the teachings, he said that 8 years after
the Buddha Shakyamuni's Mahaparin nirvana, Guru Rinpoche and Mahasambhava appeared in
the center of the light, Dhanakosha, in the middle of the beautiful floor, lot or so,
Oudhamara floors, and actually the upcoming of that, even predicted by the Buddha Shakyamuni
himself. Before he entered Mahaparin nirvana, or before he was going to pass away, and with
his announcement that he was going to pass away, many disciples were very upset at the
news, and particularly in the teachings, Anand became very emotional, very his attendance.
Anand was become emotional. And so Buddha said, "Don't be upset, and I will be back in
the upper eight years from my Mahaparin nirvana or passing away from me. I will be back, and
that time even I'm better than what I am now." And of course, there is nothing better than
the Buddha Shakyamuni, but the Buddha Shakyamuni would like to glorify the importance and how
special his reincarnation will be, the Guru Rinpoche. So as Buddha pray lifted, and then
Guru Pima Sambhava came, appeared in the center of like Dhanapocha. And also Guru Pima Sambhava
is not just only the emanation of the Buddha Shakyamuni, or reincarnation of the Buddha
Shakyamuni, but also he is known as the emanation of the Buddha Amitabha. Buddha Amitabha is
the Buddha of living Buddha now. It's not just the past Buddha, no, it's not future Buddha,
but this Buddha is right now living. In the Buddha Shakyamuni, his teachings said, "West
direction of where we are now, this whole, many, many universe are past the west direction.
From here, there is the pure land or the land of the Buddha Amitabha is residing. And the
land of the Buddha Amitabha is known as the blissful land, peaceful land, harmony land.
There is no more war, no more sufferings, no more difficulty. Even the names of the
suffering and difficulty sickness are never existing, that pure land. Everyone that those
beings who are living there, places are very happy, joy, peaceful, and also performing so
many beautiful activities based upon the true love, true compassion, true wisdom, respect,
appreciation. Because of that, there is not any disturbance at all. So that's also named
as land of the blissfulness, land of the peace and harmonious.
So Gurbi Masambhava is also known as the direct emanation of the Buddha Amitabha, that living
Buddha to this universe of war. So as is the pre-rendered dimension and Gurbi Masambhava
appeared, as I said, two, like eight years after the Buddha Shakyamuni's Mahabharata
in the run. And then Gurbi Masambhava appeared right in the middle of the Lord was in the
ticket. He said, like eight-year boys, like youthful as a black boy. And the area came
on in the Buddha, he adopted as his son, and then grown up, and then Gurbi Masambhava
performed so many, that Gurbi Masambhava performed so many extraordinary activities that
benefited so many beings that bring joy, peace, happiness, remove obstacles, obscurations,
disease, sickness for all their wishes. And he's been there for a long time, for many
years. After that time, then he also left that kingdom or that area and then went throughout
India and all different islands in the teachings. So many different islands he went and blessed
and taught calm and peace and value of the human beings and respect and peace to all
living beings and those really teaching taught so many years. And then Gurbi Masambhava came
to Tibet in the eighth century, according to the chronology system. There's many different
systems, but one of the systems said that Gurbi Masambhava came in 763, around 762. So 762-80
that Gurbi Masambhava came, and then he was one of the founders of the Tibetan Buddhism.
He bought entirely help to bring the Buddha Dharma in the Tibetan country, along with
the great Master Shedah Rachidah and the great thinkers of their thing. And so many great
beings appeared one after another, or take the bird, and those are known as 25 disciples
or 80 Mahasadas of the region. So many great beings really bloomed there. So many those
great beings like who bring peace, harmony, and they themselves also become true peace
and harmony and reach the highest development of the human can achieve or the potential
offer that all achieved by that, that these great beings. And then Gurbi Masambhava stayed
in Tibet about 55 years and then he left Tibet and just flew up in the sky. So Gurbi Masambhava
is considered the living Buddha right now. Gurbi Masambhava is also achieved transcendental
wisdom, rainbow body, which is beyond death and birth. He transformed his element or the
physical element as refined as sub-nuclear rainbow wisdom body. So it's like that power
is achieved. So elements are not gross as we are. It's transcendental wisdom in the teachings
say the wisdom, rainbow body, or like the essence of the most nuclear like task, lucid state
or call it that achieved. So all element that are formed. And not just the element of his
mental mind is also in the past the full bloom of the enlightened state or the potential
of the human beings or that nature in completely. So therefore Gurbi Masambhava is a living Buddha.
Even after he left Tibet and so many of us as one after another, he saw Gurbi Masambhava
on the direct perspective as we see each other or in the vision, in the dream. And so many
of us, so many of those great beings throughout generations and from the 8th century until
now, there's so many really beings are always taught as great living, great master teacher
in Gurbi Masambhava. And so that is a brief story of the Gurbi Masambhava.
Thank you.
And then also, so according to the history that Gurbi Masambhava was born this month
and this day. And so therefore this consider as what he appeared in the Lord also. Therefore
this consider is one of the very special days of the old years. That's what I'm going to
say. Happy Birthday. Thank you. Thank you everyone again.